zigbee: Move out zigbee libraries from zigbee subsys [KRKNWK-7121] (#3510)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

  * Development support for the nRF5340 DK in single-protocol configuration for the :ref:`zigbee_light_switch_sample`, :ref:`zigbee_light_bulb_sample`, and :ref:`zigbee_network_coordinator_sample` samples.
  * New ``zcl ping`` command in the :ref:`lib_zigbee_shell` library.

>   * Two libraries extracted from common code under :file:`subsys/zigbee/common`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * New libraries that were extracted from common code under :file:`subsys/zigbee/common`:
```
